adds note about journald logging driver (#4442)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/docker.md

* Logs coming from container `Stderr` have a default status of `Error`.

> * Refer to the [journald integration][1] documentation for details regarding the setup for containerized environments if using the journald logging driver instead of Docker's default json-file logging driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If using the journald logging driver instead of Docker's default json-file logging driver, see the [journald integration][1] documentation for details regarding the setup for containerized environments.
```
